"With Literal Name" instead of "Without Name Reference" (#4163)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-qpack.md

encoded as an 8-bit prefix string literal; see {{string-literals}}.

### Literal Field Line With Literal Name

> The literal field line without name reference representation encodes a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The literal field line with literal name representation encodes a
```
